	Find your Font	Everyone takes 5 minutes and finds a Font that best matches their personality
	Palette Challenge	Using a predefined color palette, everyone gets 5 minutes to create a design based on a very specific theme
	Movinary!!	It's pictionary using the white boards in the conference room but it can only be movies
	Bracket Bracket	 Create a bracket based off a certain theme (Disney Villains, Current Celebrities, Top Singers, Fast Food, etc.) then everyone votes to see who the winner is
	Bad Heroes 	2 Parts, 1st round everyone chooses what their favorite superpower is based on existing superheroes. 2nd round everyone gets paired off and has to choose each other's super power side effect
	Main Character Syndrome	Everyone has 5 minutes to write a synopsis of their life as if it was a movie description, and what kind of movie it would be
	Pinterest Runway	Everyone gets 5 minutes to create a Pinterest board and fill it with their ideal sense of Fashion, no budget, no worries about what anyone would think if you actually wore these things, just what you like best
	Logo Speedrun 	Everyone gets 5 minutes to make a logo for a fake company, or 2 minutes each to create multiple logos for a speed challenge!
	Villain Arc	Everyone gets 5 minutes to create the evil villain version of themselves. Will they have an evil name? Evil superpowers? What will their evil lair look like?
	Shark Bear	Everyone gets 3 minutes to decide what is the largest animal they think they could beat in a fight. Anything goes, weapons, location, fake stuff - the only catch, if you can use something, the animal can use it just as well
	Drawful	we just play drawful
	Alien Fieldtrip	Except you're the tour guide! If aliens visited earth and ended up coming straight to you, what would be the first things you take them to go see?
	Jumanji	Everyone gets to pick one movie world that somehow gets sucked into our world! Why that movie, and what would be the consequences?
	Dark Mode	Everyone gets to pick their favorite Utah brand / company and then has to redesign their logo / branding to a dark mode theme (Or a light mode if their brand is already dark enough)
	Team Takeover	We spilt into 2 teams, and we get 5 minutes to create a cool brand for the same kind of company, Then we switch brands, and get 5 minutes to alter the competitions brand in a way that makes ours look better. 
	What are you reading?	1 fake book title + 8 minutes = 1 very compelling book cover
	Be Selfish!	Everyone gets 5 minutes to create a T-shirt design of something that they would actually want to wear.
	Nostalgia 	Everyone gets a little bit to reflect and remember, and then we all share the last time we felt nostalgic and what made us feel that way
	Chicken Jockey	Everyone gets a bit to think, and then we all share one social media / culture trend that we find to be the most annoying.
	Fontastic	Everyone is assigned a different Font, then we each get 5 minutes to create a Pinterest board filled with the that fonts aesthetic. 
		
